Make out-of-order native histograms flag a no-op and always enable (#16207)
prometheus/prometheus: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased

> * [CHANGE] Make out-of-order native histograms flag a no-op and always enable. Out-of-order native histograms are now always enabled when `out_of_order_time_window` is greater than zero and `--enable-feature=native-histograms` is set. #16207

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Make setting out-of-order native histograms feature (`--enable-feature=ooo-native-histograms`) a no-op. Out-of-order native histograms are now always enabled when `out_of_order_time_window` is greater than zero and `--enable-feature=native-histograms` is set. #16207
```
